INGREDINTES NEEDED:

Egg roll wrappers
Pepperoni
Pizza sauce
Mozzarella cheese

Homemade Pizza Rolls

I don’t know about you, but my kids are addicted to Totinos Pizza Rolls. We go through bags of those little things like they are going out of style.
I do have to admit that I also partake in the binging because, hey…I loved them too!But the cost can add up from buying one bag after another after another and I get kind of sick and tired of always purchasing them so I figured one day that I would just make some homemade pizza rolls instead. Genius!

Homemade Pizza Rolls Recipe

Now you’re never going to get that “real” pizza roll flavor, because I just can’t copy a boxed meal. But these homemade pizza rolls are just as good and my kids LOVE them! They are a little time consuming consuming, stuffing each and every roll, but it’s so worth it and it’s fun that you can create something at home that you usually just buy from the grocery store. WIN!

PIZZA ROLLS:

When it comes to pizza rolls this is the closest we could come to finding the greatest copcycat recipe available. Simple, tasty and quick.

INGREDINTES NEEDED:

Egg roll wrappers
Pepperoni
Pizza sauce
Mozzarella cheese
How To Make Homemade Pizza Rolls
HOW TO FOLD PIZZA ROLLS:

Ok so I’m going to TRY to explain my steps for folding and sealing these pizza rolls. Don’t mind my horrendous photos of me showing you HOW to roll and fold these, I used my phone so I could actually kinda show you and not just leave you in the dark with my mumbled words.

So you’ll want to start out with 5 sheets of egg roll wrappers.
You then cut those into quarters so you’ll end up with about 4 squares.
You’ll add a little filling off to the left side of the square and then you’ll wet all sides and roll it up.
Then you’ll press the edges down to seal and then roll up slightly to seal again.

Serve these delicious little things with a side of pizza sauce and you’ll have an amazingly delicious treat that everyone will love! 
If you’re having pizza night at home, these are a fun addition along side your normal slice, or maybe even hav these the main dish and serve with a side salad! 
There are so many options also for filling these, pepperoni, sausage, cheese, supreme, chicken. Limitless, as long as you can stuff it all inside, it will be amazing!